Restructure the section on how to administer composite db (#1586)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/composite-databases/delete-composite-databases.adoc

:description: This page describes how to delete composite databases.
[role=enterprise-edition not-on-aura]
[[composite-databases-delete]]
= Delete composite databases

> Composite databases can be deleted using the command `DROP COMPOSITE DATABASE name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete composite databases using either the command `DROP COMPOSITE DATABASE name` or the more general one  `DROP DATABASE name`.
```

> This command will fail if the targeted database is not a composite database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, keep in mind that the first command will fail if the target database is not composite, while the second one will not fail because it targets any database.
```

.Query
[source, cypher]
----
DROP COMPOSITE DATABASE inventory
----

> It is also possible to use the shorter command `DROP DATABASE name` for composite databases, but this command will drop any database and not fail in case the targeted database is not a composite database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
